README.md, before:

# Ansible Role: Nodejs [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/manala/ansible-role-nodejs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/manala/ansible-role-nodejs)

:exclamation: [Report issues](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles/issues) and [send Pull Requests](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles/pulls) in the [main Ansible Role repository](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles) :exclamation:

This role will deal with the setup of [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/).

It's part of the [Manala Ansible stack](http://www.manala.io) but can be used as a stand alone component.

## Requirements

None.

## Dependencies

None.

## Installation

### Ansible 2+

Using ansible galaxy cli:

```bash
ansible-galaxy install manala.nodejs
```

Using ansible galaxy requirements file:

```yaml
- src: manala.nodejs
```

## Role Variables

### Definition

| Name                                     | Default    | Type  | Description                            |
| ---------------------------------------- | ---------- | ----- | -------------------------------------- |
| `manala_nodejs_install_packages`         | ~          | Array | Dependency packages to install         |
| `manala_nodejs_install_packages_default` | ['nodejs'] | Array | Default dependency packages to install |

## Example playbook

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - { role: manala.nodejs }
```

# Licence

MIT

# Author information

Manala [**(http://www.manala.io/)**](http://www.manala.io)

Commit message:

Deprecation readme (#577)
* deprecation in favor of collection

* definitive deprecation

README.md, after:

#######################################################################################################

# :exclamation: DEPRECATION :exclamation:

## This repository and the role associated are deprecated in favor of the [Manala Ansible Collection](https://galaxy.ansible.com/manala/roles)

## You will find informations on its usage on the [collection repository](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles)

#######################################################################################################

# Ansible Role: Nodejs [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/manala/ansible-role-nodejs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/manala/ansible-role-nodejs)

:exclamation: [Report issues](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles/issues) and [send Pull Requests](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles/pulls) in the [main Ansible Role repository](https://github.com/manala/ansible-roles) :exclamation:

This role will deal with the setup of [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/).

It's part of the [Manala Ansible stack](http://www.manala.io) but can be used as a stand alone component.

## Requirements

None.

## Dependencies

None.

## Installation

### Ansible 2+

Using ansible galaxy cli:

```bash
ansible-galaxy install manala.nodejs
```

Using ansible galaxy requirements file:

```yaml
- src: manala.nodejs
```

## Role Variables

### Definition

| Name                                     | Default    | Type  | Description                            |
| ---------------------------------------- | ---------- | ----- | -------------------------------------- |
| `manala_nodejs_install_packages`         | ~          | Array | Dependency packages to install         |
| `manala_nodejs_install_packages_default` | ['nodejs'] | Array | Default dependency packages to install |

## Example playbook

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - { role: manala.nodejs }
```

# Licence

MIT

# Author information

Manala [**(http://www.manala.io/)**](http://www.manala.io)
